# Search-Engine

Indexer.py takes all the json files from a certain directory and indexes them after n websites visited.
It sorts those n websites and saves them into partial indexes. 
The output is output_indexerN.txt, with N being how many files it has saved. 
The output ids_identifier.txt stores the ids to their websites.


LL.py holds the Postings class which is represented by LL.


duplicates.py is called to see if any of the websites are duplicates of another in the current index


merge.py gets a buffer of all the partial indexes and saves them into files based off the first letter.
All the "a"'s are together, all the "b"'s, and so. 
It outputs it as 0-9_output_indexer.txt, A-F_output_indexer.txt, and so on
It then tries to find where all those letters are stored in each file. It outputs that as find_letter.txt


search.py generates a map containing the ranked URL's based on the user's search queries.  These URL's will be used in searchinterface.py.  This file also reads outputs generated by Indexer.py.


ranker.py will assist search.py in regards to creating a ranked map based on the relevance of the user's search queries and relevance of the documents.  It does this by giving each document a score based on how relevant it is to a user's queries based on the positions of the words.  For example, a document will receive a high score if:
1) The user's queries match the words in the document.
2) The matching words in the document are in the same order as the order of the words in the user's queries.


searchinterface.py is the GUI and interface of our search engine.  After running Indexer.py, searchinterface.py will utilize search.py and ranker.py (as well as the module TKinter) in order to display an interface that will provide the user with results based on their queries.


Link to output files: https://drive.google.com/open?id=18VBiG8BNT3uWEuGyv2pshH-PG3vg86-J


